Qutrit Non-Parametric Ops #1 (TShift, TClock) (#2841)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  >>> print(circuit(U))
  [0.5 0.5 0. ]
  ```

  * Added `qml.THermitian` observable for measuring user-specified Hermitian matrix observables for qutrit circuits.
  ([#2784](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2784))

>   * Added `qml.TShift` operation for qutrit devices, which is the generalized analog of the Pauli X operation.
>   * Added `qml.Clock` operation for qutrit devices, which is the generalized analog of the Pauli Z operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added `qml.TShift` operation for qutrit devices, which is the qutrit analog of the Pauli X operation.
  * Added `qml.TClock` operation for qutrit devices, which is the qutrit analog of the Pauli Z operation.
```

  ```

* Added `qml.THermitian` observable for measuring user-specified Hermitian matrix observables for qutrit circuits.
  ([#2784](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2784))

> * Added `qml.TShift` operation for qutrit devices, which is the qutrit analog of the Pauli X operation.
> * Added `qml.TClock` operation for qutrit devices, which is the qutrit analog of the Pauli Z operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `qml.TShift` and `qml.TClock` qutrit operations for qutrit devices, which are the qutrit analogs of the Pauli X and Pauli Z operations.
```

  RX(-1, wires=[0])
  ```

> * `qml.operation.expand_matrix` now supports qutrit matrices such that `Operator.matrix` is now able to permute and

Author: I think for the sake of saving time, I'll keep it in this PR and update the PR's name and description as this is meant to be more of a "temporary" change anyway if higher dimension devices are added later.

> * `qml.operation.expand_matrix` now supports qutrit matrices such that `Operator.matrix` is now able to permute and

Reviewer 3: Saving time usually means having more, targeted, smaller PR's, as they are substantially easier to review.

  RX(-1, wires=[0])
  ```

> * `qml.operation.expand_matrix` now supports qutrit matrices such that `Operator.matrix` is now able to permute and
>   expand qutrit matrices according to the given wire order.
> 
>   ```pycon
>   >>> op = qml.TShift(wires=0)
>   >>> op.matrix(wire_order=[0, 1])
>   array([[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0],
>          [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0],
>          [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1],
>          [1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
>          [0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
>          [0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
>          [0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
>          [0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0],
>          [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0]])
>     ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This can all be removed, since the `expand_matrix` change has been separated out.
